---
layout: post
title:  an introduction
date: 2017-10-05 09:01:00
description: an introduction about myself
---


My name is Vikram Udyawer. I grew up in four different countries as a child (Dubai-U.A.E.; Bangalore-India; Napier-New Zealand and Sydney-Australia). I have a pretty international background and up-bringing. It's one of my true strengths as, for the most part, I have a view point from other cultures in scenarios ranging from everyday life to geopolitical incidents. It's also the reason why I believe travelling doesn't make people open-minded but rather living in other countries is better at that. This is because you see a nation's culture through their everyday experiences. As a traveller you generally don't because you're on a holiday. I'm also a proponent of a one Earth government since, nation borders change everyday.

I've had a pretty diverse professional background in healthcare, astronautics and more recently artificial intelligence. I'm a dreamer by nature and hence, using my analytical ability I am currently working on my startup. Working to create a company works toward my true strengths as an architect (tech + non-tech), strategist (tech + non-tech) and hopefully a good leader too - hence, the dreamer.

My professional interests are broad and generally specific to the application of these broad interests into society. Hence, the choice to move toward a life of an entreprendre. What I care about? My planet, the people on it and outer space exploration. Everything I do, I do to try and serve those three in some form. I am particularly interested in the idea of identity and its ownership because it is the root of all things in life from personal data to space exploration. It relates to four aspects I've mentioned above: 

<ul>
	<li>my international up-bringing,</li>
	<li>my planet,</li>
	<li>the people on it and</li>
	<li>outer space exploration</li>
</ul>

My interests outside the above are in art, small tech projects, hiking, music (my EP/XP on soundcloud), investing (in people), travel, kayaking, beaches, and scify movies/tv. I love hanging out with my dog Holly and cat Coco whenever I'm home for the holidays.